
# VIP-draft: Create and fund OpComm multi-sig

## Summary

Create and fund multi-sig address, to spend on behalf of Vesper
operational concerns.

## Abstract

Early DAO 1.0 efforts assigned all decisions to direct tokenholder
voting.  This led to negative outcomes such as network fees acting as an
unintentional poll tax, vote fatigue, and resulting low voter
participation.

Inspired by the Colony DAO's Get Things Done (GTD) model, this proposal
seeks to get community approval to fund an operational multi-sig, which
can spend as needed on behalf of Vesper, for the betterment of the
Vesper network and protocol.

This follows the principle of limited powers:  Ask the Vesper community to approve a small, satellite multi-sig, rather than having an OpComm control a much larger amount, with much wider powers.

## Expectations

Following proposal acceptance, a multi-sig wallet will be created.
Signers of sufficient community trust and executive competence will be
added.  3,500 VSP from Vesper community reserves will be sent to the
multi-sig.

Multi-sig signers can then spend any amount of this 3,500 VSP, based
solely on multi-sig quorum discretion, without any need to further
consult the community.

All spends will be visible on the public blockchain, and shall be
accompanied by internal record-keeping with further details of the
multi-sig activity (e.g. vendor receipts, business deal details).

As community members rise in trust, they can be added to OpComm, and
idle members shall be rotated out.

The general expectation is that founders (Vesper Brewing Co) will be
heavily weighted in the initial OpComm.  Over time, a concerted effort
will be made to onboard non-VBC OpComm members, mirroring the path to
decentralization overall.

## Specification

* Create 2-of-N multi-sig (any 2 OpComm members).
* Send 3,500 VSP to multi-sig.
* Periodically add or remove OpComm members.

